Refactoring and adding Remote collaboration chapter from old PRs (#1567)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/remote-collab/remote-collab-informal.md

(cl-remote-collab-informal)=
# Informal Coffee Chats

## Motivation

All work and no play makes teams anxious and sad.
If all of your group's conversations revolve around work and are scheduled as meetings, the team will lose both the serendipity of informal knowledge sharing and the enjoyment of taking a break away from their work.

> (It isn't just fun, their productivity will be higher if they take regular breaks and socialise with others! [REF])

Reviewer: `[REF]` should be a link?

> (It isn't just fun, their productivity will be higher if they take regular breaks and socialise with others! [REF])

Author: ```suggestion
It isn't just fun, their productivity will be higher if they take regular breaks and socialise with others! (see [this post](https://buffer.com/resources/science-taking-breaks-at-work/))
```
